You 're bringing something that also
was missing the Flemish that the
Ball does not make you a goal too much
beautiful lack but also in the corners
you are being moved to collect
even with the arm of a foul
Temporary week at the clinic even your
which is adding I had yes
It's always always been to hit the corners
And the teacher said that was was what
You've been charged and always lacking in you.
training is the day before the match until
people trained enough edson himself
we had a good performance and in the game
I was happy, I was able to make a beautiful
then quoted edson was the premiere
his right he goes for fatigue even just in the
beginning of the second half right
He's gone for a long time, right?
I was talking to him, he said
that seven months ago he did not play and then
He said that it's a little bit missing, but it's okay.
Coaching is working hard to
improve and in training and of course
which in games is also where it goes will
will be perfected and in the physical part
him and with him is able to play the 90
minutes and warrior coming back how
you're seeing the team's formation
Flamengo
What's the only place for you in this you?
likes to play by the sides too
prefers to play in the middle as it stands
so this fit in the international year
I passed in the gaucho championship until I did
a third man in the middle field
nelly the third and a half steering wheel he is e
a third wheel or the appearance
Flamengo
the steering wheel / half happening in the middle field
well baptized and then after the
brazilian championship abel started to
use more in the attack by
edge of the field so I guess that 's where the
Teacher thinks that what I can
to pay well I'm always there and always
help the flamengo will have a place here
It's your there that you feel more
comfortable that whatever
I'd been playing where the sock
there that the function of one 1 2 3 4
half centralized but I also like
type starting the plays right there
taking there year of the defender of the steering wheel
to start the plays speak captain
I wanted to talk about scrolling or I'm
trying to start a campaign
here to end this name in
rolling
I am radically with a player of
midfield when the opponent has the
possession must know how to score and
when the team has possession of the ball and
know how to get out on the attack, huh?
This has to be the spirit that goes back and forth.
the Flemish I have been with and I do not
I have seen the flamengo games but have
accompanied by the press the people
criticizing the senator Christian because
he always uses three fliers
Then I'm in pain, I want you to take this
doubt today here the Flemish has today
alan patrick the agent in flower beds
flower beds
jonas and the giving and returning everton
what position do you think the
people considering a steering wheel or sock
Jonas is the steering wheel.
the bed already the steering wheel you are the steering wheel
It's true for me to get my face off.
I do not think he's in Christ.
suffering a team campaign in my
in my opinion I'm a newspaper all
I believe they see me as half as
I was there doing this yesterday.
third half man helping martyr
araujo and the flowerbed